How did viewing a diff between two versions
of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

I help us for viewing the process of our work, how we
are changing and improving project. This is very important
because this tool give us the necessary feedback that 
is so lacking in others creative activities. And with 
this venefit we can see with detail our mistakes and then
we can learn through them.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a 
file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

In terms of programming, having a history of the changes 
make to a coding file is very useful, especially for debugging.
There will be bugs all the time, or mistakes, and those mistakes
can be understood and analyses and use to better programming in
the future.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

When you choose to save a file, it is not always necesary to save it, 
because it could be too much or too little to save. But at the same
time, in order to not fill the history of the process of programming
with useless savings, it is better to decide ourselves whan to save.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs,
treat each file separately?

I think is it because, many programming projects require multiple files,
like the meta data of sertain files. But Google Docs is for the public
in general that don't need to know what is happening inside the sofware
that they are using.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff
to view the history of files?

With the first one we can veiw the general details of
the commits, like the author, the id, and the date, with
a short description of why that commit was made.

the diff command helps to view a more detailed version 
of the changes made to the commmit, simplifying the 
search for those changes in the code.

How might using version control make you more confident
to make changes that could break something?

Because now I can go back to an especific part of the

Now that you have your workspace set up, 
what do you want to try using Git for?

I wnat to have a career as a programmer. I find it fun
so, Git is very important to learn and make project by 
myself and colaborate with other people
document or code and resolve the problem, and this could
be done in detail.

Now that you have your workspace set up, 
what do you want to try using Git for?

I wnat to have a career as a programmer. I find it fun
so, Git is very important to learn and make project by 
myself and colaborate with other people